1-What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

It creates a .git folder with all the needed files for a git repository. You need to do it in order to use the git commands on this repository and start making commits.

2-How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is a place that is temporary for the files. Before finishing a commit, you should be able to bundle all of the changes that you wanna do. So the staging area is the place where you do that, still maintaining the repository and the working directory intact.

3-How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

You can select which files are going inside the staging area in order to group the files together that are connected in the same logical change. And you can use the diff command along with another tools to check what are the changes from the files on the staging area and the ones on the last commit of the working directory. And then you can make your commit when you see that the changes are logically tied.

4-What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

When you want to try something experimental and still keep an usable version of your software. They can help you organize your work in things that are completely independent of each other and can be worked in parallel.

5-How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

It was pretty easy to imagine the branch structure as in a tree. And then the branch name makes even more sense. It was visualy as in a tree and the drawing made some indications of this fact.

6-What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The result is as if the two branches were made into one. So that the master branch have all the changes that were introduced and tested on the previously separated branch. The representation matches that as a union of the two branches.